## embb, mmtc, urll:
This was the first data set collected. This data was collected over multiple time periods both stationary and moving UE. The original data contained one, two, or three of the traffic types. After capturing all the data, we seperated it by class type. Next, we combined all the time periods into one file. Because of this, there may be time gaps when other traffic types was present. That traffic has been removed, but leaves behind empty time.

- The embb traffic was only stationary.
- The mmtc includes traffic collected while driving. 
- The urllc traffic was both stationaring and walking. 

## embb_2, mmtc_2, urll_2
This is the second data set collected. When collecting this data we focused on a specific traffic slice. This was collected on campus, some stationary in ISEC, and some walking.

- The embb traffic was streaming YouTube.
- The mmtc traffic was all applications in the background.
- The urllc traffic included periods of video chat and voice only.

## embb_3, mmtc_3, urllc_3, mixed
This is the third data set collected. This was collected in ISEC, mostly stationary.

- The embb traffic was streaming YouTube.
- The mmtc traffic was all applications in the background.
- The urllc traffic was generated with Google Meet.

We also captured a mixed traffic sample that has all traffic types.

## embb_11_18, mmtc_11_18, urll_11_18
This data was all captured on 18 November. This traffic was captured in ISEC with no mobility.

- The embb traffic was streaming Netflix.
- The mmtc, was all traffic while not using the UE for anything except text messages (and background traffic).
- The urllc traffic used Facebook messenger for live video chat and voice only calls.

## embb_03_03a, embb_03_03b, embb_03_03c, mmtc_03_03, urllc_03_03
All traffic was caputred on 3 March on campus. Some was stationary in ISEC and some was walking outside on campus. 

- The embb traffic was generated by downloading several large videos using OneDrive. This was stationary in ISEC.
- The mmtc traffic was all background traffic while not actively using the phone. This was stationary in ISEC.
- The urllc traffic was generated with Google Meet for live video chat. This was walking outside on Northeastern campus.

## embb_04_10, mmtc_04_10, urllc_04_10
These traces were all captured on 10 April, stationary, in ISEC.

- The embb data was streaming YouTube.
- The urllc data was video chat over Google Meet.
- The mmtc data was background traffic while not actively using the phone.


## urllc_04_16
This trace was captured on 16 April while walking on the Burlington campus.

- The urllc traffic was generated using Google Maps Live View AR navigation.


## embb_05_18_a, embb_05_18_b, mmtc_05_18, urllc_05_18
These traces were all captured on 18 May, stationary, in ISEC.

- The embb_a data was generated by streaming music with Pandora.
- The embb_b data was generated by uploading a large file with OneDrive.
- The mmtc data was generated with background data while the phone was not actively being used.
- The urllc data was generated with Facebook Messanger video chat.

## embb_06_09, urllc_06_12
These traces were collected on 09 and 12 June, respectively, stationary, in ISEC.

- The embb data was generated by browsing the internet.
- The urllc data was generated with a voice and video Microsoft Teams call.
